Rename certain SDK fields (#195)
readmeio/metrics-sdks: packages/php/README.md

### Configuration Options

There are a few options you can pass in to change how the logs are sent to ReadMe. These are configured within `config/readme.php`.

| Option           | Use                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| :--------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| development_mode | **default: false** If true, the log will be separate from normal production logs. This is great for separating staging or test data from data coming from customers                                                                                                                                             |

> | denylist         | **optional** An array of keys from your API requests and responses headers and bodies that you wish to deny sending to ReadMe.<br /><br />If you configure a denylist, it will override any allowlist configuration.                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| denylist         | **optional** An array of keys from your API requests, responses headers, and request bodies that you wish to not be sent to ReadMe.<br /><br />If you configure a denylist, it will override any allowlist configuration.                                                                                            |
```
